
# Calendar

We are in **Spring**. The **Bright Days** are upon us, and we are in the
time of the **Rise**. The next celebration is
[**Lightfest**](https://github.com/RealityBending/Calendar#Lightfest) in
**28** days.

## Important dates

None yet.

## Celebrations

![](calendar_plot-1.png)<!-- -->

In the Reality Bending Lab, we follow an astronomical calendar. The year
is divided in two main overlapping cycles, the **Rise/Fall** phases
(December - June) and the **Dark nights/Bright days** periods
(September - March).

*Note: this calendar is automatically updated daily thanks to an
automated R script that account for the exact dates of the solar and
lunar astronomical events (solstices, equinoxes, full moons) of the
current year.*

### Preparationday

**Fullmoon between Nightfest and Risefest** *(2024 January 25 -
Thursday)*. Team building and planning of the work roadmap for the year.
Winter retreat.

### Risefest

**Spring equinox** *(2024 March 20 - Wednesday)*. Coming of **Bright
days** and **Spring**. Drowning of the winter spirit
([Marzanna](https://wpna.fm/polish-traditions-the-drowning-of-marzanna/)).
Eating eggs and water pranks.

### Loversnight

**Fullmoon between Risefest and Lightfest** *(2024 April 23 - Tuesday
night)*. Celebration of partners and loved ones.

### Lifesday

**Day after Loversnight** *(2024 April 24 - Wednesday)*. Visit to
parents and family. Start of **Summer**.

### Lightfest

**Summer solstice** *(2024 June 21 - Friday)*. Crackers and fireworks at
sunset. Popcorns made in fires in the night.

### Thanksday

**Fullmoon between Lightfest and Fallfest** *(2024 August 19 - Monday)*.
Work superiors treat to dinner. Rewards and vacations.

### Fallfest

**Autumn equinox** *(2024 September 22 - Sunday)*. Coming of the **Dark
Nights** and **Autumn**. Beginning of the school year. Fires are lit (no
electricity). [Wreaths](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do%C5%BCynki)
symbolizing the successful readiness for the year to come.

### Harvestday

**Day before the fullmoon between Fallfest and Risefest** *(2024
November 16 - Saturday)*. Physical/sports games and competitions
(hackathons) between colleagues with silly costumes.

### Deadsnight

**Fullmoon between Fallfest and Nightfest** *(2024 November 16 -
Saturday)*. Visit cemeteries. Start of **Winter**.

### Blacksun

- *The week before Nightfest* *(2024 December 13 - Friday)*. When
  darkness is winning: Chaos and mischief. Elect a “Lord of Misrule”.
  Inversed hierarchy (see
  [Saturnalia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saturnalia)).

### Nightfest

**Winter solstice** *(2024 December 21 - Saturday)*. From that date
until the 6th of January, people keep a tree inside of their houses. On
the 21th, it is decorated with garlands, and people drink snake wine.

### Other Celebrations

*Dates TBD*

- **Festival of the Innocents**: Before Loversnight. Masked party.
  Anonymity and roles.
